22-Sep-2020

Dear Dr Jackson:

Re : NZJA-2020-0158 Histology of collagen in Merino sheep skin and its
 association with wrinkle formation
I regret to inform you that the above manuscript, submitted on 19-May-2020 is
 not suitable for publication in the New Zealand Journal of Agricultural
 Research. Copies of the referees’ reports are enclosed.

Unfortunately the reviewers have identified some major issues with the manuscript that does not make it suitable for publication. 

I wish you success in placing your manuscript with another journal.

Yours,

Dr Schreurs
Associate Editor, New Zealand Journal of Agricultural Research
N.M.Schreurs@massey.ac.nz

Referee Comments:

Referee: 1

Comments to the Author
The reason given for the research is a stretch - sheep breeding for fewer
 wrinkles can be (and is) carried out without this type of information. 
 The methodology used is not suitable - a reference (or experimental
 verification carried out by yourself if it is a novel technique) of the
 collagen quantification technique using Sirius Red should have been provided.
  Immunohistochemistry is a much more suitable technique for differentiating 
collagen Types 1 and 3 in sections than birefringence, and is readily available.
  The conclusions drawn do not have sufficient evidence to back them up, or the
 connection between the evidence and the conclusion is not explained
 sufficiently clearly.  Introducing the new material in the Discussion
 (genetics) seems an odd thing to do.  You did not mention having received 
permission from an ethics committee to do this research on live sheep, or that
 you used analgesia when sampling.

Referee: 2

Comments to the Author
Major issues:
1) Biopsy collection not described - no details regarding age at collection,
 local anesthesia, incision closing, animal ethics approval

2) Statistical analyses not appropriate - it appears that the five replications
 (microscopic fields) in each animal were used individually in the analyses. 
That’s is incorrect – those should have been averaged per animal and a single 
value for each animal used in the analysis. If individual observations
 (the five replicates in each animal) were to be used, a mixed model analysis
 that could account for correlation between repeated measures (within an animal)
 would be more meaningful. Also, there was no mention of check for normality of
 data. 

3) Proposed hypotheses and 'validation' - based on the observed differences in 
the amount and type of collagen in wrinkled and wrinkle-free sheep, two
 hypotheses were proposed. Based on reference to partitioning of variance
 pertaining to wrinkle score, the authors claim that the hypotheses have been
 verified. This seems illogical. Also, it has been claimed, "This study shows
 that it is possible to have extra skin surface area without having wrinkle,
 provided the presence of hard collagen is avoided". This is not true since it
 had not been shown in the study that skin surface area are similar in winkled
 and wrinkle-free sheep. 

Minor issues:
The manuscript, in patches,  is poorly written - inconsistent usage of past and
 present tense and a few typos. Also, the provided web-links for a cited
 unpublished reference and supplementary material have been inaccessible. 

These have been indicated as track changes in the attached word document.    
     


Referee: 3

Comments to the Author
The following is list of comments or corrections on the manuscript 
NZIA 2020-0158:
Line#10-17: expand the abstract to cover the major theme of the research,
 result and conclusion. such as to state there were three type of collagen
 existed in Merino skin while type I or III are more associated with skin
 wrinkles; also need to include what recommendations for breeding low wrinkle
 Merinos. …
Line #: 34-41 and main text, Layer 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 etc should be in consistent
 format;
Line #: 57 and else where, delete (…, see);
Line # 83 and else where, check the space and comma; … # 134, #141 red, orange

Line # 89 ...conducted:
Line # 116: delete an extra )
Line # 150 Statistical methods
Line # 157 Skin tissue morphology
Line # 305 - 328: need to check and confirm with the Journal' style and format;
Line # 334: We propose following two … observations.
Line # 340: growth (Thompson 1917).
Line # 351: … has to be
Line # 361: … We assume/d that
Line # 366: formation:
Line # 370: … organs.
Line # 375: clarify 'We are not sure, 
Line # 384: However, it is not known
Line # 410: delete [This … checked]
Line # 421: … to present but the conclusion is 
Line # 423-424: These conclusions has confirmed or supported the proposed two
 factor hypothesis?
Line # 440: … and biological consequences.
Line # 447: has met at times
Line 458 - 461: clarify this confusing suggestion?
Line # 474 - 476: clarify this conclusion, and also contrast with the statement
 in line 458-461?
Tables: need to check and conform with the journal styles and formats;
Figure 6 & 7: need to check or conform with journal style, font/color and
 format (ie, if it publish figures in colors); and same suggestion for
 Figure 12
Figure 9: Need to enhance the contrasting features? And explain how it differs

References: Need to check and verify for citation and citing format of journal.
